---
Title: Provision data pipeline
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rc
description: Provision and troubleshoot your data pipeline infrastructure.
hideListLinks: true
weight: 2
---

After you have [prepared your source database]({{<relref "/operate/rc/databases/rdi/setup">}}) and connection information, you can set up your new pipeline.

1. In the [Redis Cloud console](https://cloud.redis.io/), go to your target database and select the **Data Pipeline** tab.
1. Select **Start pipeline setup**. 
1. Enter a **Pipeline name**. This pipeline name will be the prefix to all keys generated by this pipeline in the target database.
1. Enter the **Deployment CIDR** for your pipeline, or use the one generated for you. This CIDR should not conflict with your apps or other databases.
1. In the **Connectivity** section, enter the **PrivateLink service name** of the [PrivateLink connected to your source database]({{< relref "/operate/rc/databases/rdi/setup#set-up-connectivity" >}}).
1. Enter your database details. This depends on your database type, and includes:
    - **Port**: The database's port
    - **Database**: Your database's name, or the root database *(PostgreSQL, Oracle only)*, or a comma-separated list of one or more databases you want to connect to *(SQL Server only)*
    - **Database Server ID**: Unique ID for the replication client. Leave as default if you don't use replication *(mySQL and mariaDB only)*
    - **PDB**: Name of the Oracle pluggable database *(Oracle only)*
1. Enter the ARN of your [database credentials secret]({{< relref "/operate/rc/databases/rdi/setup#share-source-database-credentials" >}}) in the **Source database secrets ARN** field.
1. Select **Start pipeline setup**.

At this point, Redis Cloud will provision the pipeline infrastructure that will allow you to define your data pipeline. 

Pipelines are provisioned in the background. You aren't allowed to make changes to your data pipeline or to your database during provisioning. This process will take a long time, so you can close the window and come back later.

See [Pipeline provisioning errors](#errors) to view a list of errors that can occur at this point.

When your pipeline is provisioned, select **Complete setup**. You will then [define your data pipeline]({{<relref "/operate/rc/databases/rdi/define">}}).

## Pipeline provisioning errors {#errors}

Add errors here.