---
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- kubernetes
description: Feature release including support for Redis Software 8.0.2, enhancements, and bug fixes.
hideListLinks: true
linkTitle: 8.0.2-2 (October 2025)
title: Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes 8.0.2-2 (October 2025) release notes
weight: 1
---

This feature release of Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes supports Redis Software 8.0.2-17 and includes enhancements, platform support changes, and bug fixes.

{{< warning >}}
**Custom modules not supported**: If you use custom (user-defined) modules, skip this release. Custom module support will be available in the next release.
{{< /warning >}}

## New in this release

This release includes enhancements to the Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes operator, and includes features supported by Redis Software 8.0.2-17, and Redis Open Source 8.0 and 8.2.

**Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes 8.0.2-2:**
This release includes enhancements to Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes including:

- Support for RS 8.0.2-17
- Support for the VKS platform (Broadcom/VMWare)
- Added container probes to Redis Enterprise pods
- Kubernetes 1.34 support (select platforms)
- Unique per release CSV/OperatorHub channels

**Redis Software 8.0.2-17:**

- Automatically enabled capabilities (modules) in Redis 8
- Metrics stream engine
- Module management enhancements
- Lag-aware availability API
- Redis Flex (Redis on Flash version 2)

For more information about Redis Software 8.0.2-17, see the [Redis Software 8.0.2-17 release notes]({{< relref "/operate/rs/release-notes/rs-8-0-releases/rs-8-0-2-17" >}}).

**Redis Open Source 8.0 and 8.2:**

- Preview of new vector set data type
- Redis query engine improvements
- Performance improvements
- Enhanced ACLs
- New hash and streams commands

For more details, see [What's new in Redis 8.0]({{< relref "/develop/whats-new/8-0/" >}}) and [What's new in Redis 8.2]({{< relref "/develop/whats-new/8-2" >}}), and also the [Redis Open Source 8.0]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisce/redisos-8.0-release-notes" >}}) and [Redis Open Source 8.2]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisce/redisos-8.2-release-notes" >}}) release notes.


### Resolved issues

- Fixed operator logs to properly reflect field inconsistencies between REC and statefulset (RED-161426)
- Applied security fixes (RED-162939, RED-163832, RED-165628, RED-168087)
- Fixed database tags being overridden when defined by Redis Software users (RED-170322)

### API changes

| **CRD** | **Field** | **Change** | **Description** |
|---|---|---|---|
| REAADB | `spec.alertSettings.bdb_proxy_cert_expiring_soon` | Add | Enables a new alert in alert settings |
| REC | | Change | Changed the storage version of the API to v1 (from v1alpha1) |
| REDB | `spec.alertSettings.bdb_proxy_cert_expiring_soon` | Add | Enables a new alert in alert settings |
| REDB | `spec.moduleList` | Change | For Redis version 8 and later, bundled modules are enabled automatically, so you don't need to specify them |
| REDB | `spec.moduleList.[DbModule].version` | Change | Module versions in regular deployments are automatically selected by the Redis Enterprise cluster. Specified module versions are ignored. In Active-Active setups, you must specify the module version. |

## Version changes

### Modules in Redis 8

In Redis Enterprise databases created with or upgraded to Redis version 8 or later, bundled modules are enabled automatically, so you don't need to specify them in the `spec.moduleList` field. However, if you want to use a specific version of a bundled module, you can specify it in the `spec.moduleList` field. 

The bundled capabilities (modules) are automatically enabled as follows:

| Database type | Automatically enabled capabilities |
|---------------|------------------------------------|
| RAM-only | [Search and query]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/search">}})<br />[JSON]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/json">}})<br />[Time series]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/timeseries">}})<br />[Probabilistic]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/bloom">}})  |
| Flash-enabled ([Redis Flex]({{<relref "/operate/rs/databases/flash">}})) | [JSON]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/json">}})<br />[Probabilistic]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/bloom">}}) |
| [Active-Active]({{<relref "/operate/rs/databases/active-active">}}) | [Search and query]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/search/search-active-active">}})<br />[JSON]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/json">}}) |

For more information, see [Automatically enabled capabilities in Redis 8]({{< relref "/operate/rs/release-notes/rs-8-0-releases/rs-8-0-2-17/#automatically-enabled-capabilities-in-redis-8" >}}).

### Breaking changes

- **Custom modules are not supported** with this version. Only the capabilities (modules) listed above are supported in this release. **If you use user-defined modules, don't upgrade to this version.** The Redis Enterprise version used with this operator version includes significant changes to modules, including using built-in modules by default on databases. For more details, see the Redis Software release notes.

- **TKG (TKG) is no longer supported**. Broadcom/VMware doesn't plan to support this platform in the near future. We recommend that you migrate to TKGI/VKS.

For additional breaking changes related to Redis Software 8.0.2-17, see [Redis 8 breaking changes]({{< relref "/operate/rs/release-notes/rs-8-0-releases/rs-8-0-2-17#redis-8-breaking-changes" >}}).

### Deprecations

- The RedisEnterpriseCluster (REC) v1alpha1 API version is deprecated.

## Supported distributions

The following table shows supported distributions at the time of this release. You can also find this list in [Supported Kubernetes distributions]({{< relref "/operate/kubernetes/reference/supported_k8s_distributions" >}}).

<span title="Check mark icon">&#x2705;</span> **Supported** – This distribution is supported for this version of Redis Enterprise Software for Kubernetes.

<span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> **Deprecated** – This distribution is still supported for this version of Redis Enterprise Software for Kubernetes, but support will be removed in a future release.

<span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> **End of life** – Support for this distribution ended.

Any distribution not listed in the table is not supported for production workloads.

| Kubernetes version | **1.28** | **1.29** | **1.30** | **1.31** | **1.32** | **1.33** | **1.34** |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| **Community K8s** | | | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| **Amazon EKS** | | | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | |
| **Azure EKS** | | | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| **Google GKE** | | | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| **Rancher REK2** | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | |
| **VMware TKG 2.5** | | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | | | | |
| **VMware VKS** | | | | | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | | |

| **OpenShift** | **4.15** | **4.16** | **4.17** | **4.18** | **4.19** | | |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | | |

| **VMware TKGI** | **1.19** | **1.20** | **1.21** | **1.22** | | | |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | | | |

## Downloads

- **Redis Enterprise**: `redislabs/redis:8.0.2-17`
- **Operator**: `redislabs/operator:8.0.2-2`
- **Services Rigger**: `redislabs/k8s-controller:8.0.2-2`
- **Callhome client**: `redislabs/re-call-home-client:8.0.2-2`
- **OLM operator bundle** : `v.<TBD>`

## Known limitations

- **Only upgrades from 7.4.2-2 and later are supported.** If you are using an earlier version, install 7.4.2-2 before upgrading to 8.0.2-2.

- **You must keep existing moduleList version numbers when upgrading redisVersion.** When upgrading a database's `redisVersion`, you must keep the existing module version numbers in `moduleList` unchanged. If you modify the module versions in `moduleList` during a `redisVersion` upgrade, the upgrade request will fail. The database will automatically use the bundled module versions for the new Redis version, regardless of what versions are specified in `moduleList`. This applies to both REDB and REAADB databases.

- **Custom certificate upload is not supported for internode encryption (RED-173229).** Internode communication between cluster nodes continues to use default self-signed certificates and cannot be configured with customer-provided certificates.

- **Missing endpoint for admission endpoint (rare) (RED-119469)** Restart the operator pod.

- **The REDB "redisVersion" field can't be used for memcached databases(RED-119152)**

- **Database suffix changes during service-rigger termination cause resource recreation loops (RED-107687)** If you modify the database suffix for an Active-Active database while the service-rigger is in a terminating state, the service-rigger will continuously delete and recreate ingress or route resources. Wait until the services rigger pod has finished terminating before making suffix changes.

- **REAADB changes might fail with "gateway timeout" errors, mostly on OpenShift (RED-103048)** Retry the operation.

- **Creating two databases with the same name directly on Redis Enterprise software will cause the service to be deleted and the database will not be available (RED-99997)** Avoid duplicating database names. Database creation via K8s has validation in place to prevent this.

- **Installing the operator bundle produces warning: `Warning: would violate PodSecurity "restricted: v1.24"` (RED-97381)** Ignore the warning. This issue is documented as benign on official Red Hat documentation.

- **RERC resources must have a unique name (RED-96302)** The string "rec-name"/"rec-namespace" must be different from all other participating clusters in the Active-Active database.

- **Admission is not blocking REAADB with `shardCount` which exceeds license quota (RED-96301)** Fix the problems with the REAADB and reapply.

- **Active-Active controller only supports global database options. Configuration specific to location is not supported (RED-86490)**

- **Active-Active setup removal might keep services or routes undeleted (RED-77752)** Delete services or routes manually if you encounter this problem.

- **`autoUpgrade` set to `true` can cause unexpected bdb upgrades when `redisUpgradePolicy` is set to `true` (RED-72351)** Contact support if your deployment is impacted.

- **Following the previous quick start guide version causes issues with creating an REDB due to unrecognized memory field name (RED-69515)** The workaround is to use the newer (current) revision of Deploy Redis Enterprise Software for Kubernetes.

- **PVC size issues when using decimal value in spec (RED-62132)** Make sure you use integer values for the PVC size.

- **REC might report error states on initial startup (RED-61707)** There is no workaround at this time except to ignore the errors.

- **Hashicorp Vault integration - no support for Gesher (RED-55080)** There is no workaround for this issue. Gesher support has been deprecated.

- **REC clusters fail to start on Kubernetes clusters with unsynchronized clocks (RED-47254)** When REC clusters are deployed on Kubernetes clusters without synchronized clocks, the REC cluster does not start correctly. The fix is to use NTP to synchronize the underlying K8s nodes.

- **Deleting an OpenShift project with an REC deployed may hang (RED-47192)** When an REC cluster is deployed in a project (namespace) and has REDB resources, the REDB resources must be deleted first before the REC can be deleted. Therefore, until the REDB resources are deleted, the project deletion will hang. The fix is to delete the REDB resources first and the REC second. Then, you can delete the project.

- **Clusters must be named 'rec' in OLM-based deployments (RED-39825)** In OLM-deployed operators, the deployment of the cluster will fail if the name is not "rec". When the operator is deployed via the OLM, the security context constraints (scc) are bound to a specific service account name (namely, "rec"). The workaround is to name the cluster "rec".

- **Readiness probe incorrect on failures (RED-39300)** STS Readiness probe does not mark a node as "not ready" when running `rladmin status` on node failure.

- **Internal DNS and Kubernetes DNS may have conflicts (RED-37462)** DNS conflicts are possible between the cluster `mdns_server` and the K8s DNS. This only impacts DNS resolution from within cluster nodes for Kubernetes DNS names.

- **K8s-based 5.4.10 clusters seem to negatively affect existing 5.4.6 clusters (RED-37233)** Upgrade clusters to latest version.

- **Node CPU usage is reported instead of pod CPU usage (RED-36884)** In Kubernetes, the reported node CPU usage is the usage of the Kubernetes worker node hosting the REC pod.

- **An unreachable cluster has status running (RED-32805)** When a cluster is in an unreachable state, the state remains `running` instead of triggering an error.

- **Long cluster names cause routes to be rejected  (RED-25871)** A cluster name longer than 20 characters will result in a rejected route configuration because the host part of the domain name exceeds 63 characters. The workaround is to limit the cluster name to 20 characters or fewer.

- **Cluster CR (REC) errors are not reported after invalid updates (RED-25542)** A cluster CR specification error is not reported if two or more invalid CR resources are updated in sequence.