---
title: Redis 6.2
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
- rc
description: What's new in Redis 6.2
linkTitle: What's new in Redis 6.2
weight: 30
---

Redis version 6.2 introduces new capabilities designed to improve data indexing, querying, and analytics. This update brings multi-value indexing, expanded wildcard query support, and a new probabilistic data structure for quantile estimation. Additionally, significant enhancements to Redis streams and time series data processing offer greater flexibility for developers working with real-time and historical datasets. Over 25 new commands have been added to Redis that address key feature requests and further extending its capabilities.
Below is a detailed breakdown of these improvements.

## New features

### Multi-value indexing and querying
Redis now supports indexing and querying multi-value attributes across all field types, including `TEXT`, `TAG`, `NUMERIC`, `GEO`, and `VECTOR`. Developers can define JSONPath expressions leading to arrays or multiple scalar values, overcoming the previous limitation of indexing only single scalar attributes.

### Wildcard query support
The Redis Query Engine now enables suffix and infix wildcard searches for `TEXT` and `TAG` fields. This enhancement provides greater flexibility in data retrieval and filtering.

### t-digest: a new probabilistic data structure for quantile estimation
Redis introduces t-digest, an advanced probabilistic data structure that efficiently estimates quantiles in large datasets or continuous data streams. This is particularly beneficial for analytics and monitoring applications where quantile calculations are required.

### Retrieve aggregation results for ongoing time series buckets
A new feature allows users to retrieve the latest, still-open time series buckets during compaction.

### Time-weighted average aggregator for time series
Redis now includes a time-weighted average aggregator, improving accuracy in average-over-time calculations. This feature is especially valuable for time series data with irregular sampling intervals.

### Gap-filling for time series data
To improve time series analytics, Redis introduces gap-filling capabilities. This feature allows interpolation of missing values or repetition of the last known value for empty time buckets, ensuring continuity in time series analysis.

## Improvements
### Existing data structures
Redis 6.2 introduces over 25 new commands, fulfilling long-standing community requests. Notably:

- The long-awaited `ZUNION` and `ZINTER` commands now allow direct retrieval of results, unlike `ZUNIONSTORE` and `ZINTERSTORE`, which store results in a key.
- Redis streams enhancements include:
  - Support for exclusive range queries, providing finer control over data retrieval.
  - The ability to filter pending messages based on idle time, improving message management.
  - A new mechanism to automatically claim pending messages from a stream consumer group, transferring ownership of messages that have exceeded their idle timeout to a new consumer without requiring manual acknowledgment.

## Component versions
The Redis version 6.2 is built from the following component versions:

- [Redis 6.2](https://github.com/redis/redis/blob/6.2/00-RELEASENOTES)
- [Search 2.6](https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisearch/redisearch-2.6-release-notes/)
- [JSON 2.4](https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisjson/redisjson-2.4-release-notes/)
- [Time series 1.8](https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redistimeseries/redistimeseries-1.8-release-notes/)
- [Bloom 2.4](https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisbloom/redisbloom-2.4-release-notes/)
- [Graph 2.10](https://redis.io/docs/latest/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisgraph/redisgraph-2.10-release-notes/)
