---
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- kubernetes
description: This is a feature release with a new version of Redis Enterprise Software
  7.4.6.
linkTitle: 7.4.6-2 (July 2024)
title: Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes 7.4.6-2 (July 2024) release notes
weight: 5
aliases: /operate/kubernetes/release-notes/7-4-6-2, 
---

## Highlights

The primary purpose of this release is to support [Redis Enterprise Software version 7.4.6]({{<relref "/operate/rs/release-notes/rs-7-4-2-releases/rs-7-4-6-22">}}). It also includes updates to supported platform distributions.

## New in this release

### Enhancements

- Removal of multiple unneeded permissions from RBAC roles used by the operator (RED-123478 RED-125020)
- Support for non-AWS S3 compatible backup targets in REC (RED-73642)
- Support for Redis Enterprise 7.4.6-22 (RED-13110)

### API changes

| **CRD** | **Field** | **Change** | **Description** |
|---|---|---|---|
| REC | backup.s3.caCertificateSecretName | Add | Secret name that holds the S3 CA certificate, which contains the TLS certificate mapped to the key in the secret 'cert' |
| REC | backup.s3.url | Add | Specifies the URL for S3 export and import (used for custom S3 compatible servers) |

## Version changes

For a list of fixes related to CVEs, see the [Redis Enterprise 7.2.4-109 release notes]({{<relref "/operate/rs/release-notes/rs-7-4-2-releases/rs-7-4-6-22">}}).

### Breaking changes

The following changes included in this release affect the upgrade process. Please read carefully before upgrading.

#### ValidatingWebhookConfiguration

Versions 6.4.2-4 and later include a new `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration` resource to replace the `redb-admission` webhook resource. To use releases 6.4.2-4 or later, delete the old webhook resource and apply the new file. See [upgrade Redis cluster]({{< relref "/operate/kubernetes/upgrade/upgrade-redis-cluster#reapply-webhook" >}}) for instructions.

#### OpenShift SCC

Versions 6.4.2-6 and later include a new SCC (`redis-enterprise-scc-v2`) that you need to bind to your service account before upgrading. OpenShift clusters running version 6.2.12 or earlier upgrading to version 6.2.18 or later might get stuck if you skip this step. See [upgrade a Redis Enterprise cluster (REC)]({{< relref "/operate/kubernetes/upgrade/upgrade-redis-cluster#before-upgrading" >}}) for instructions.

#### Upcoming Changes

- Future Redis Enterprise images will be UBI9-based only, without support for Ubuntu-based images.

### Supported distributions

The following table shows supported distributions at the time of this release. You can also find this list in [Supported Kubernetes distributions]({{< relref "/operate/kubernetes/reference/supported_k8s_distributions" >}}).

<span title="Check mark icon">&#x2705;</span> Supported – This distribution is supported for this version of Redis Enterprise Software for Kubernetes.

<span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> Deprecated – This distribution is still supported for this version of Redis Enterprise Software for Kubernetes, but support will be removed in a future release.

<span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> End of life – Support for this distribution ended.

Any distribution not listed below is not supported for production workloads.

| **Kubernetes version** | **1.25** | **1.26** | **1.27** | **1.28** | **1.29** | **1.30** |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| **Community Kubernetes** |  | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| **Amazon EKS** | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |  |
| **Azure AKS** |  | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| **Google GKE** | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| **Rancher RKE2** | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |  |  |
| **VMware TKG 2.2** | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> |  |  |  |  |  |
| **VMware TKG 2.3** | <span title="X icon">&#x274c;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |  |  |  |  |
| **VMware TKG 2.4** | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |  |  |  |
| **OpenShift version** | **4.12** | **4.13** | **4.14** | **4.15** | **4.16** |  |
|  | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |  |
| **VMware TKGI version** | **1.16** | **1.17** | **1.18** | **1.19** |  |  |
|  | <span title="Deprecation warning" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |  |  |



## Downloads

- **Redis Enterprise**: `redislabs/redis:7.4.6-22`
- **Operator**: `redislabs/operator:7.4.6-2`
- **Services Rigger**: `redislabs/k8s-controller:7.4.6-2`

### OpenShift images

- **Redis Enterprise**: `registry.connect.redhat.com/redislabs/redis-enterprise:7.4.6-22.rhel8-openshift`
- **Operator**: `registry.connect.redhat.com/redislabs/redis-enterprise-operator:7.4.6-2`
- **Services Rigger**: `registry.connect.redhat.com/redislabs/services-manager:7.4.6-2`

### OLM bundle

**Redis Enterprise operator bundle** : `v7.4.6-2.0`

## Known limitations

- **Missing endpoint for admission endpoint (rare) (RED-119469)** Restart the operator pod.

- **The REDB “redisVersion” field can’t be used for memcached databases(RED-119152)**

- **PVC expansion is not supported when using Redis on Flash (Auto Tiering) (RED-165770)** Do not enable `enablePersistentVolumeResize` if your REC uses `redisOnFlashSpec` as this will result in conflicts.

- **When modifying the database suffix for an Active-Active database, while the service-rigger is in a terminating state, the services-rigger will delete and create the ingress or route resources in a loop (RED-107687)** Wait until the services rigger pod has finished to terminate it.

- **REAADB changes might fail with "gateway timeout" errors, mostly on OpenShift (RED-103048)** Retry the operation.

- **Creating two databases with the same name directly on Redis Enterprise software will cause the service to be deleted and the database will not be available (RED-99997)** Avoid duplicating database names. Database creation via K8s has validation in place to prevent this.

- **Installing the operator bundle produces warning: `Warning: would violate PodSecurity "restricted: v1.24"` (RED-97381)** Ignore the warning. This issue is documented as benign on official Red Hat documentation.

- **RERC resources must have a unique name (RED-96302)** The string "rec-name"/"rec-namespace" must be different from all other participating clusters in the Active-Active database.

- **Admission is not blocking REAADB with `shardCount` which exceeds license quota (RED-96301)** Fix the problems with the REAADB and reapply.

- **Active-Active controller only supports global database options. Configuration specific to location is not supported (RED-86490)**

- **Active-Active setup removal might keep services or routes undeleted (RED-77752)** Delete services or routes manually if you encounter this problem.

- **`autoUpgrade` set to `true` can cause unexpected bdb upgrades when `redisUpgradePolicy` is set to `true` (RED-72351)** Contact support if your deployment is impacted.

- **Following the previous quick start guide version causes issues with creating an REDB due to unrecognized memory field name (RED-69515)** The workaround is to use the newer (current) revision of Deploy Redis Enterprise Software for Kubernetes.

- **PVC size issues when using decimal value in spec (RED-62132)** Make sure you use integer values for the PVC size.

- **REC might report error states on initial startup (RED-61707)** There is no workaround at this time except to ignore the errors.

- **Hashicorp Vault integration - no support for Gesher (RED-55080)** There is no workaround for this issue. Gesher support has been deprecated.

- **REC clusters fail to start on Kubernetes clusters with unsynchronized clocks (RED-47254)** When REC clusters are deployed on Kubernetes clusters without synchronized clocks, the REC cluster does not start correctly. The fix is to use NTP to synchronize the underlying K8s nodes.

- **Deleting an OpenShift project with an REC deployed may hang (RED-47192)** When an REC cluster is deployed in a project (namespace) and has REDB resources, the REDB resources must be deleted first before the REC can be deleted. Therefore, until the REDB resources are deleted, the project deletion will hang. The fix is to delete the REDB resources first and the REC second. Then, you can delete the project.

- **Clusters must be named 'rec' in OLM-based deployments (RED-39825)** In OLM-deployed operators, the deployment of the cluster will fail if the name is not "rec". When the operator is deployed via the OLM, the security context constraints (scc) are bound to a specific service account name (namely, "rec"). The workaround is to name the cluster "rec".

- **Readiness probe incorrect on failures (RED-39300)** STS Readiness probe does not mark a node as "not ready" when running `rladmin status` on node failure.

- **Internal DNS and Kubernetes DNS may have conflicts (RED-37462)** DNS conflicts are possible between the cluster `mdns_server` and the K8s DNS. This only impacts DNS resolution from within cluster nodes for Kubernetes DNS names.

- **K8s-based 5.4.10 clusters seem to negatively affect existing 5.4.6 clusters (RED-37233)** Upgrade clusters to latest version.

- **Node CPU usage is reported instead of pod CPU usage (RED-36884)** In Kubernetes, the reported node CPU usage is the usage of the Kubernetes worker node hosting the REC pod.

- **An unreachable cluster has status running (RED-32805)** When a cluster is in an unreachable state, the state remains `running` instead of triggering an error.

- **Long cluster names cause routes to be rejected  (RED-25871)** A cluster name longer than 20 characters will result in a rejected route configuration because the host part of the domain name exceeds 63 characters. The workaround is to limit the cluster name to 20 characters or fewer.

- **Cluster CR (REC) errors are not reported after invalid updates (RED-25542)** A cluster CR specification error is not reported if two or more invalid CR resources are updated in sequence.
