---
Title: Redis Enterprise Software release notes 7.4.6-188 (January 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
compatibleOSSVersion: Redis 7.2.4, 6.2, 6.0
description: Bug fix for a memory leak in the DMC proxy process.
linkTitle: 7.4.6-188 (January 2025)
weight: 63
aliases: 
---

This is a maintenance release for ​[​Redis Enterprise Software version 7.4.6](https://redis.io/downloads/#software).

## Highlights

This version offers:

- A bug fix for a memory leak in the DMC proxy process

## New in this release

#### Redis module feature sets

Redis Enterprise comes packaged with several modules. As of version 7.4.2, Redis Enterprise includes two feature sets, compatible with different Redis database versions.

Bundled Redis modules compatible with Redis database version 7.2:

- [RediSearch 2.8]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisearch/redisearch-2.8-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisJSON 2.6]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisjson/redisjson-2.6-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisTimeSeries 1.10]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redistimeseries/redistimeseries-1.10-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisBloom 2.6]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisbloom/redisbloom-2.6-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisGears 2.0 preview](https://github.com/RedisGears/RedisGears/releases/tag/v2.0.20-m21): The RedisGears preview will not be promoted to GA and will be removed in a future release.

Bundled Redis modules compatible with Redis database versions 6.0 and 6.2:

- [RediSearch 2.6]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisearch/redisearch-2.6-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisJSON 2.4]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisjson/redisjson-2.4-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisTimeSeries 1.8]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redistimeseries/redistimeseries-1.8-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisBloom 2.4]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisbloom/redisbloom-2.4-release-notes.md" >}})

- [RedisGraph v2.10]({{< relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisgraph/redisgraph-2.10-release-notes.md" >}}): RedisGraph end-of-life has been announced and will be removed in a future release. See the [RedisGraph end-of-life announcement](https://redis.io/blog/redisgraph-eol/) for more details.

### Resolved issues

- RS126364: Fixed a memory leak in the DMC proxy process.

## Version changes

### Product lifecycle updates

#### End-of-life policy extension

The end-of-life policy for Redis Enterprise Software versions 6.2 and later has been extended to 24 months after the formal release of the subsequent major version. For the updated end-of-life schedule, see the [Redis Enterprise Software product lifecycle]({{<relref "/operate/rs/installing-upgrading/product-lifecycle">}}).

#### Supported upgrade paths

Redis Enterprise Software versions 6.2.4 and 6.2.8 do not support direct upgrades beyond version 7.4.x. Versions 6.2.10, 6.2.12, and 6.2.18 are part of the [upgrade path]({{<relref "/operate/rs/installing-upgrading/upgrading/upgrade-cluster#supported-upgrade-paths">}}). To upgrade from 6.2.4 or 6.2.8 to versions later than 7.4.x, an intermediate upgrade is required.

The next major Redis Enterprise Software release will still bundle Redis database version 6.2 and allow database upgrades from Redis database version 6.2 to 7.x.

See the [Redis Enterprise Software product lifecycle]({{<relref "/operate/rs/installing-upgrading/product-lifecycle">}}) for more information about release numbers.

### Deprecations

#### Legacy UI deprecation

The legacy UI is deprecated in favor of the new Cluster Manager UI and will be removed in a future release.

#### Redis 6.0 database deprecation

Redis database version 6.0 is deprecated as of Redis Enterprise Software version 7.4.2 and will be removed in a future release.

To prepare for the future removal of Redis 6.0:

- For Redis Enterprise 6.2.* clusters, upgrade Redis 6.0 databases to Redis 6.2. See the [Redis 6.2 release notes](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/redis/redis/6.2/00-RELEASENOTES) for the list of changes.

- For Redis Enterprise 7.2.4 and 7.4.x clusters, upgrade Redis 6.0 databases to Redis 7.2. Before you upgrade your databases, see the list of [Redis 7.2 breaking changes]({{< relref "/operate/rs/release-notes/rs-7-2-4-releases/rs-7-2-4-52#redis-72-breaking-changes" >}}) and update any applications that connect to your database to handle these changes.

#### End of triggers and functions preview

The [triggers and functions]({{<relref "/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/deprecated-features/triggers-and-functions">}}) (RedisGears) preview has been discontinued.

- Commands such as `TFCALL`, `TFCALLASYNC`, and `TFUNCTION` will be deprecated and will return error messages.

- Any JavaScript functions stored in Redis will be removed. 

- JavaScript-based triggers will be blocked.

- Lua functions and scripts will not be affected.

If your database currently uses triggers and functions, you need to: 

1. Adjust your applications to accommodate these changes.

1. Delete all triggers and functions libraries from your existing database:

    1. Run `TFUNCTION LIST`.

    1. Copy all library names.

    1. Run `TFUNCTION DELETE` for each library in the list.

    If any triggers and functions libraries remain in the database, the RDB snapshot won't load on a cluster without RedisGears.

1. Migrate your database to a new database without the RedisGears module.

#### RedisGraph end of life

Redis has announced the end of life for RedisGraph. Redis will continue to support all RedisGraph customers, including releasing patch versions until January 31, 2025.

See the [RedisGraph end-of-life announcement](https://redis.com/blog/redisgraph-eol/) for more details.

### Upcoming changes

#### Default image change for Redis Enterprise Software containers

Starting with the next major version, Redis Enterprise Software containers with the image tag `x.y.z-build` will be based on RHEL instead of Ubuntu.

This change will only affect you if you use containers outside the official [Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes]({{<relref "/operate/kubernetes">}}) product and use Ubuntu-specific commands.

To use Ubuntu-based images after this change, you can specify the operating system suffix in the image tag. For example, use the image tag `7.4.2-216.focal` instead of `7.4.2-216`.

### Supported platforms

The following table provides a snapshot of supported platforms as of this Redis Software release. See the [supported platforms reference]({{< relref "/operate/rs/references/supported-platforms" >}}) for more details about operating system compatibility.

<span title="Check mark icon">&#x2705;</span> Supported – The platform is supported for this version of Redis Software and Redis Stack modules.

<span title="Warning icon" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> Deprecation warning – The platform is still supported for this version of Redis Software, but support will be removed in a future release.

| Redis Software<br />major versions | 7.8 | 7.4 | 7.2 | 6.4 | 6.2 |
|---------------------------------|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| **Release date** | Nov 2024 | Feb 2024 | Aug 2023 | Feb 2023 | Aug 2021 |
| [**End-of-life date**]({{< relref "/operate/rs/installing-upgrading/product-lifecycle#endoflife-schedule" >}}) | Determined after<br />next major release | Nov 2026 | Feb 2026 | Aug 2025 | Feb 2025 |
| **Platforms** | | | | | |
| RHEL 9 &<br />compatible distros<sup>[1](#table-note-1)</sup> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | – | – | – |
| RHEL 9<br />FIPS mode<sup>[5](#table-note-5)</sup> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | – | – | – | – |
| RHEL 8 &<br />compatible distros<sup>[1](#table-note-1)</sup> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| RHEL 7 &<br />compatible distros<sup>[1](#table-note-1)</sup> | – | – | <span title="Deprecated" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| Ubuntu 20.04<sup>[2](#table-note-2)</sup> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | – |
| Ubuntu 18.04<sup>[2](#table-note-2)</sup> | – | <span title="Deprecated" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Deprecated" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| Ubuntu 16.04<sup>[2](#table-note-2)</sup> | – | – | <span title="Deprecated" class="font-serif">:warning:</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| Amazon Linux 2 | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | – |
| Amazon Linux 1 | – | – | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| Kubernetes<sup>[3](#table-note-3)</sup> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |
| Docker<sup>[4](#table-note-4)</sup> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> | <span title="Supported">&#x2705;</span> |

1. <a name="table-note-1"></a>The RHEL-compatible distributions CentOS, CentOS Stream, Alma, and Rocky are supported if they have full RHEL compatibility. Oracle Linux running the Red Hat Compatible Kernel (RHCK) is supported, but the Unbreakable Enterprise Kernel (UEK) is not supported.

2. <a name="table-note-2"></a>The server version of Ubuntu is recommended for production installations. The desktop version is only recommended for development deployments.

3. <a name="table-note-3"></a>See the [Redis Enterprise for Kubernetes documentation]({{< relref "/operate/kubernetes/reference/supported_k8s_distributions" >}}) for details about support per version and Kubernetes distribution.

4. <a name="table-note-4"></a>[Docker images]({{< relref "/operate/rs/installing-upgrading/quickstarts/docker-quickstart" >}}) of Redis Software are certified for development and testing only.

5. <a name="table-note-5"></a>Supported only if [FIPS was enabled during RHEL installation](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/security_hardening/switching-rhel-to-fips-mode_security-hardening#proc_installing-the-system-with-fips-mode-enabled_switching-rhel-to-fips-mode) to ensure FIPS compliance.

## Downloads

The following table shows the SHA256 checksums for the available packages:

| Package | SHA256 checksum (7.4.6-188 January release) |
|---------|---------------------------------------|
| Ubuntu 18 | <span class="break-all">452446126776a93a6ac943f6b9ed0a274a2b48eb18d5ec057d15459e6148caa2</span> |
| Ubuntu 20 | <span class="break-all">91c245d39007fc1c5ad86dc991286ce30d837289f541518bfee5249ccb3864bb</span> |
| Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 8 | <span class="break-all">995bfa4aad1f1ab4611fbe83d1d3cbb2ddc45b9fa6d53900267385e6e5c4d162</span> |
| Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 9 | <span class="break-all">b4fc25f6a812fe05ab990049f7f6f8a22932c5d8c507c475455802009ed5acca</span> |
| Amazon Linux 2 | <span class="break-all">042b016fd9fac8fac95d51e9fbfece6f4ab5e705146e7423ea23b68ce872c76f</span> |

## Known issues

- RS131972: Creating an ACL that contains a line break in the Cluster Manager UI can cause shard migration to fail due to ACL errors.

- RS61676: Full chain certificate update fails if any certificate in the chain does not have a Common Name (CN).

- RS119958: The `debuginfo` script fails with the error `/bin/tar: Argument list too long` if there are too many RocksDB log files. This issue only affects clusters with Auto Tiering.

## Known limitations

#### New Cluster Manager UI limitations

The following legacy UI features are not yet available in the new Cluster Manager UI:

- Remove a node.

    Use the REST API or legacy UI instead. See [Remove a cluster node]({{< relref "/operate/rs/clusters/remove-node" >}}) for instructions.

- Purge an Active-Active instance.

    Use [`crdb-cli crdb purge-instance`]({{< relref "/operate/rs/references/cli-utilities/crdb-cli/crdb/purge-instance" >}}) instead.

- Search and export the log.

#### OpenSSL compatibility issue for 7.4.2 modules on Amazon Linux 2

Due to an OpenSSL 1.1 compatibility issue between modules and clusters, Redis Enterprise Software version 7.4.2-54 is not fully supported on Amazon Linux 2 clusters with databases that use the following modules: RedisGears, RediSearch, or RedisTimeSeries.

This issue will be fixed in a future maintenance release.

#### RedisGraph prevents upgrade to RHEL 9 

You cannot upgrade from a prior RHEL version to RHEL 9 if the Redis Enterprise cluster contains a RedisGraph module, even if unused by any database. The [RedisGraph module has reached End-of-Life](https://redis.com/blog/redisgraph-eol/) and is completely unavailable in RHEL 9.

## Security

#### Open source Redis security fixes compatibility

As part of Redis's commitment to security, Redis Enterprise Software implements the latest [security fixes](https://github.com/redis/redis/releases) available with [open source Redis](https://github.com/redis/redis). Redis Enterprise has already included the fixes for the relevant CVEs.

Some CVEs announced for open source Redis do not affect Redis Enterprise due to different or additional functionality available in Redis Enterprise that is not available in open source Redis.

Redis Enterprise 7.4.6-188 supports open source Redis 7.2, 6.2, and 6.0. Below is the list of open source Redis CVEs fixed by version.

Redis 7.2.x:

- (CVE-2024-31449) An authenticated user may use a specially crafted Lua script to trigger a stack buffer overflow in the bit library, which may potentially lead to remote code execution.

- (CVE-2024-31228) An authenticated user can trigger a denial-of-service by using specially crafted, long string match patterns on supported commands such as `KEYS`, `SCAN`, `PSUBSCRIBE`, `FUNCTION LIST`, `COMMAND LIST`, and ACL definitions. Matching of extremely long patterns may result in unbounded recursion, leading to stack overflow and process crashes.

- (CVE-2023-41056) In some cases, Redis may incorrectly handle resizing of memory buffers, which can result in incorrect accounting of buffer sizes and lead to heap overflow and potential remote code execution.

- (CVE-2023-41053) Redis does not correctly identify keys accessed by `SORT_RO` and, as a result, may grant users executing this command access to keys that are not explicitly authorized by the ACL configuration. (Redis 7.2.1)

Redis 7.0.x:

- (CVE-2024-31449) An authenticated user may use a specially crafted Lua script to trigger a stack buffer overflow in the bit library, which may potentially lead to remote code execution.

- (CVE-2024-31228) An authenticated user can trigger a denial-of-service by using specially crafted, long string match patterns on supported commands such as `KEYS`, `SCAN`, `PSUBSCRIBE`, `FUNCTION LIST`, `COMMAND LIST`, and ACL definitions. Matching of extremely long patterns may result in unbounded recursion, leading to stack overflow and process crashes.

- (CVE-2023-41056) In some cases, Redis may incorrectly handle resizing of memory buffers, which can result in incorrect accounting of buffer sizes and lead to heap overflow and potential remote code execution.

- (CVE-2023-41053) Redis does not correctly identify keys accessed by `SORT_RO` and, as a result, may grant users executing this command access to keys that are not explicitly authorized by the ACL configuration. (Redis 7.0.13)

- (CVE-2023-36824) Extracting key names from a command and a list of arguments may, in some cases, trigger a heap overflow and result in reading random heap memory, heap corruption, and potentially remote code execution. Specifically: using `COMMAND GETKEYS*` and validation of key names in ACL rules. (Redis 7.0.12)

- (CVE-2023-28856) Authenticated users can use the `HINCRBYFLOAT` command to create an invalid hash field that will crash Redis on access. (Redis 7.0.11)

- (CVE-2023-28425) Specially crafted `MSETNX` commands can lead to assertion and denial-of-service. (Redis 7.0.10)

- (CVE-2023-25155) Specially crafted `SRANDMEMBER`, `ZRANDMEMBER`, and `HRANDFIELD` commands can trigger an integer overflow, resulting in a runtime assertion and termination of the Redis server process. (Redis 7.0.9)

- (CVE-2023-22458) Integer overflow in the Redis `HRANDFIELD` and `ZRANDMEMBER` commands can lead to denial-of-service. (Redis 7.0.8)

- (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis can cause it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 7.0.9)

- (CVE-2022-35977) Integer overflow in the Redis `SETRANGE` and `SORT`/`SORT_RO` commands can drive Redis to OOM panic. (Redis 7.0.8)

- (CVE-2022-35951) Executing an `XAUTOCLAIM` command on a stream key in a specific state, with a specially crafted `COUNT` argument, may cause an integer overflow, a subsequent heap overflow, and potentially lead to remote code execution. The problem affects Redis versions 7.0.0 or newer. (Redis 7.0.5)

- (CVE-2022-31144) A specially crafted `XAUTOCLAIM` command on a stream key in a specific state may result in heap overflow and potentially remote code execution. The problem affects Redis versions 7.0.0 or newer. (Redis 7.0.4)

- (CVE-2022-24834) A specially crafted Lua script executing in Redis can trigger a heap overflow in the cjson and cmsgpack libraries, and result in heap corruption and potentially remote code execution. The problem exists in all versions of Redis with Lua scripting support, starting from 2.6, and affects only authenticated and authorized users. (Redis 7.0.12)

- (CVE-2022-24736) An attacker attempting to load a specially crafted Lua script can cause NULL pointer dereference which will result in a crash of the `redis-server` process. This issue affects all versions of Redis. (Redis 7.0.0)

- (CVE-2022-24735) By exploiting weaknesses in the Lua script execution environment, an attacker with access to Redis can inject Lua code that will execute with the (potentially higher) privileges of another Redis user. (Redis 7.0.0)

Redis 6.2.x:

- (CVE-2024-31449) An authenticated user may use a specially crafted Lua script to trigger a stack buffer overflow in the bit library, which may potentially lead to remote code execution.

- (CVE-2024-31228) An authenticated user can trigger a denial-of-service by using specially crafted, long string match patterns on supported commands such as `KEYS`, `SCAN`, `PSUBSCRIBE`, `FUNCTION LIST`, `COMMAND LIST`, and ACL definitions. Matching of extremely long patterns may result in unbounded recursion, leading to stack overflow and process crashes.

- (CVE-2023-28856) Authenticated users can use the `HINCRBYFLOAT` command to create an invalid hash field that will crash Redis on access. (Redis 6.2.12)

- (CVE-2023-25155) Specially crafted `SRANDMEMBER`, `ZRANDMEMBER`, and `HRANDFIELD` commands can trigger an integer overflow, resulting in a runtime assertion and termination of the Redis server process. (Redis 6.2.11)

- (CVE-2023-22458) Integer overflow in the Redis `HRANDFIELD` and `ZRANDMEMBER` commands can lead to denial-of-service. (Redis 6.2.9)

- (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis can cause it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 6.2.11)

- (CVE-2022-35977) Integer overflow in the Redis `SETRANGE` and `SORT`/`SORT_RO` commands can drive Redis to OOM panic. (Redis 6.2.9)

- (CVE-2022-24834) A specially crafted Lua script executing in Redis can trigger a heap overflow in the cjson and cmsgpack libraries, and result in heap corruption and potentially remote code execution. The problem exists in all versions of Redis with Lua scripting support, starting from 2.6, and affects only authenticated and authorized users. (Redis 6.2.13)

- (CVE-2022-24736) An attacker attempting to load a specially crafted Lua script can cause NULL pointer dereference which will result in a crash of the `redis-server` process. This issue affects all versions of Redis. (Redis 6.2.7)

- (CVE-2022-24735) By exploiting weaknesses in the Lua script execution environment, an attacker with access to Redis can inject Lua code that will execute with the (potentially higher) privileges of another Redis user. (Redis 6.2.7)

- (CVE-2021-41099) Integer to heap buffer overflow handling certain string commands and network payloads, when `proto-max-bulk-len` is manually configured to a non-default, very large value. (Redis 6.2.6)

- (CVE-2021-32762) Integer to heap buffer overflow issue in `redis-cli` and `redis-sentinel` parsing large multi-bulk replies on some older and less common platforms. (Redis 6.2.6)

- (CVE-2021-32761) An integer overflow bug in Redis version 2.2 or newer can be exploited using the `BITFIELD` command to corrupt the heap and potentially result with remote code execution. (Redis 6.2.5)

- (CVE-2021-32687) Integer to heap buffer overflow with intsets, when `set-max-intset-entries` is manually configured to a non-default, very large value. (Redis 6.2.6)

- (CVE-2021-32675) Denial Of Service when processing RESP request payloads with a large number of elements on many connections. (Redis 6.2.6)

- (CVE-2021-32672) Random heap reading issue with Lua Debugger. (Redis 6.2.6)

- (CVE-2021-32628) Integer to heap buffer overflow handling ziplist-encoded data types, when configuring a large, non-default value for `hash-max-ziplist-entries`, `hash-max-ziplist-value`, `zset-max-ziplist-entries` or `zset-max-ziplist-value`. (Redis 6.2.6)

- (CVE-2021-32627) Integer to heap buffer overflow issue with streams, when configuring a non-default, large value for `proto-max-bulk-len` and `client-query-buffer-limit`. (Redis 6.2.6)

- (CVE-2021-32626) Specially crafted Lua scripts may result with Heap buffer overflow. (Redis 6.2.6)

- (CVE-2021-32625) An integer overflow bug in Redis version 6.0 or newer can be exploited using the STRALGO LCS command to corrupt the heap and potentially result with remote code execution. This is a result of an incomplete fix by CVE-2021-29477. (Redis 6.2.4)

- (CVE-2021-29478) An integer overflow bug in Redis 6.2 could be exploited to corrupt the heap and potentially result with remote code execution. The vulnerability involves changing the default set-max-intset-entries configuration value, creating a large set key that consists of integer values and using the COPY command to duplicate it. The integer overflow bug exists in all versions of Redis starting with 2.6, where it could result with a corrupted RDB or DUMP payload, but not exploited through COPY (which did not exist before 6.2). (Redis 6.2.3)

- (CVE-2021-29477) An integer overflow bug in Redis version 6.0 or newer could be exploited using the STRALGO LCS command to corrupt the heap and potentially result in remote code execution. The integer overflow bug exists in all versions of Redis starting with 6.0. (Redis 6.2.3)

Redis 6.0.x:

- (CVE-2022-24834) A specially crafted Lua script executing in Redis can trigger a heap overflow in the cjson and cmsgpack libraries, and result in heap corruption and potentially remote code execution. The problem exists in all versions of Redis with Lua scripting support, starting from 2.6, and affects only authenticated and authorized users. (Redis 6.0.20)

- (CVE-2023-28856) Authenticated users can use the `HINCRBYFLOAT` command to create an invalid hash field that will crash Redis on access. (Redis 6.0.19)

- (CVE-2023-25155) Specially crafted `SRANDMEMBER`, `ZRANDMEMBER`, and `HRANDFIELD` commands can trigger an integer overflow, resulting in a runtime assertion and termination of the Redis server process. (Redis 6.0.18)

- (CVE-2022-36021) String matching commands (like `SCAN` or `KEYS`) with a specially crafted pattern to trigger a denial-of-service attack on Redis can cause it to hang and consume 100% CPU time. (Redis 6.0.18)

- (CVE-2022-35977) Integer overflow in the Redis `SETRANGE` and `SORT`/`SORT_RO` commands can drive Redis to OOM panic. (Redis 6.0.17)
