---
Title: Redis Data Integration release notes 1.16.2 (March 2026)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: |
  Maintenance release focusing on allowing the use of RDI with Redis Enterprise databases that have AOF disabled.
linkTitle: 1.16.2 (March 2026)
toc: 'true'
weight: 972
---

{{< note >}}This maintenance release replaces the 1.16.1 release.{{< /note >}}

RDI's mission is to help Redis customers sync Redis Enterprise with live data from their slow disk-based databases to:

- Meet the required speed and scale of read queries and provide an excellent and predictable user experience.
- Save resources and time when building pipelines and coding data transformations.
- Reduce the total cost of ownership by saving money on expensive database read replicas.

RDI keeps the Redis cache up to date with changes in the primary database, using a [_Change Data Capture (CDC)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) mechanism.
It also lets you _transform_ the data from relational tables into convenient and fast data structures that match your app's requirements. You specify the transformations using a configuration system, so no coding is required.

## What's New in 1.16.2

- **New configuration option to disable AOF check:** A new prerequisiteChecks section is introduced in the operator section of the Helm values file. You can use it to disable the AOF prerequisite check when running RDI against a Redis RDI database that does not have AOF enabled. Please note that disabling this check without understanding the implications may lead to data loss in certain failure scenarios, so it should be used with caution.

## Limitations

RDI can write data to a Redis Active-Active database. However, it doesn't support writing data to two or more Active-Active replicas. Writing data from RDI to several Active-Active replicas could easily harm data integrity as RDI is not synchronous with the source database commits.

