---
Title: Redis Data Integration release notes 1.6.2 (March 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: Installation on Kubernetes with a Helm chart. Improvements for installation on VMs.
linkTitle: 1.6.2 (March 2025)
toc: 'true'
weight: 990
---

> This maintenance release replaces the 1.6.1 release.

RDI’s mission is to help Redis customers sync Redis Enterprise with live data from their slow disk-based databases to:

- Meet the required speed and scale of read queries and provide an excellent and predictable user experience.
- Save resources and time when building pipelines and coding data transformations.
- Reduce the total cost of ownership by saving money on expensive database read replicas.

RDI keeps the Redis cache up to date with changes in the primary database, using a [_Change Data Capture (CDC)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) mechanism.
It also lets you _transform_ the data from relational tables into convenient and fast data structures that match your app's requirements. You specify the transformations using a configuration system, so no coding is required.

## Headlines

- Fix: With an RDI namespace that contains dashes, `rdi-metrics-exporter` crashes immediately upon startup
- Fix reported security vulnerabilities
- Fix: Connection to PostgreSQL from Debezium fails with "could not read SSL key file" when using mTLS

## Fixes & Improvements

- **Resolved startup crash in `rdi-metrics-exporter`**
  Fixed an issue where the exporter would crash on startup if the RDI namespace included dashes (e.g., `my-namespace`) that are not allowed in prometheus labels.

- **Security Vulnerabilities Patched**
  Addressed the following reported CVEs:

  - CVE-2019-14250
  - CVE-2019-17543
  - CVE-2023-32665
  - CVE-2024-52533
  - CVE-2020-17049
  - CVE-2024-47874

- **Improved mTLS compatibility in `collector-initializer`**
  DER-formatted keys are now skipped during initialization, resolving a PostgreSQL connection error with Debezium (`could not read SSL key file`) when using mTLS.

## Limitations

RDI can write data to a Redis Active-Active database. However, it doesn't support writing data to two or more Active-Active replicas. Writing data from RDI to several Active-Active replicas could easily harm data integrity as RDI is not synchronous with the source database commits.
