---
Title: Redis Data Integration release notes 1.4.4 (January 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: Installation on Kubernetes with a Helm chart. Improvements for installation on VMs.
linkTitle: 1.4.4 (January 2025)
toc: 'true'
weight: 993
---

> This maintenance release replaces the 1.4.3 release.

RDI’s mission is to help Redis customers sync Redis Enterprise with live data from their slow disk-based databases to:

- Meet the required speed and scale of read queries and provide an excellent and predictable user experience.
- Save resources and time when building pipelines and coding data transformations.
- Reduce the total cost of ownership by saving money on expensive database read replicas.

RDI keeps the Redis cache up to date with changes in the primary database, using a [_Change Data Capture (CDC)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) mechanism.
It also lets you _transform_ the data from relational tables into convenient and fast data structures that match your app's requirements. You specify the transformations using a configuration system, so no coding is required.

## Headlines

-   Installation on [Kubernetes]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/installation/install-k8s" >}}) using a [Helm chart](https://helm.sh/docs/). You can install on [OpenShift](https://docs.openshift.com/) or other flavours of K8s using Helm.

- Improvements for installation on VMs:
  - Adding an `upgrade.sh` script
  - Uninstall script removes RDI CLI
  - Adding an ingress to the `collector-source` metrics exporter for VM installs
  - Fix RDI version issues during upgrade
  - Ensure `KUBECONFIG` is set during upgrade
  - Upgrade [`datayoga`](https://github.com/datayoga-io/datayoga) to 1.127.0 - add_field block was rejected for one or more records but the entire batch was marked as rejected. making troubleshooting difficult
  - Fix installer not setting `RDI_REDIS_SSL` properly if SSL is enabled

## Issues fixed 

- **RDSC-3103**: If a record's transformation is rejected, the entire Processor batch ends up in DLQ
- **RDSC-3130**: Failed to install 1.4.3, but successful install with 1.2.8
- **RDSC-3141**: There is no way to reach metrics when running RDI on VM
- **RDSC-3142**: `redis-di upgrade` fails with error message - CRITICAL - Error while attempting to upgrade RDI: Could not get the current version of the RDI instance
- **RDSC-3143**: RDI on VM upgrade error message - Get "http://localhost:8080/openapi/v2?timeout=32s": dial tcp 127.0.0.1:8080: connect: connection refused
- **RDSC-3156**: Add script to execute `redis-di upgrade` correctly

## Limitations

RDI can write data to a Redis Active-Active database. However, it doesn't support writing data to two or more Active-Active replicas. Writing data from RDI to several Active-Active replicas could easily harm data integrity as RDI is not synchronous with the source database commits.
