---
Title: Redis Data Integration release notes 1.10.0 (May 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: |
  Added support for MongoDB as a source, with a scaffold template and
  enhanced configuration validation.
  Implemented automatic deletion of pods affected by secret rotation.
linkTitle: 1.10.0 (May 2025)
toc: 'true'
weight: 983
---

{{< note >}}This minor release replaces the 1.8.0 release.{{< /note >}}

RDI’s mission is to help Redis customers sync Redis Enterprise with live data from their slow disk-based databases to:

- Meet the required speed and scale of read queries and provide an excellent and predictable user experience.
- Save resources and time when building pipelines and coding data transformations.
- Reduce the total cost of ownership by saving money on expensive database read replicas.

RDI keeps the Redis cache up to date with changes in the primary database, using a [_Change Data Capture (CDC)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) mechanism.
It also lets you _transform_ the data from relational tables into convenient and fast data structures that match your app's requirements. You specify the transformations using a configuration system, so no coding is required.

## Headlines

- Added support for MongoDB as a source, including MongoDB 6.0 and 7.0, for both on-premises and MongoDB Atlas deployments.
- Introduced a MongoDB scaffold template and enhanced configuration validation.
- Implemented automatic deletion of pods affected by secret rotation to ensure updated secrets are applied.

## Detailed changes

**Other Features, Improvements and Enhancements**

The `redis-di scaffold` cli command can now scaffold MongoDB configuration. It can also scaffold different flavors:
  - `--db-flavor mongodb-atlas`
  - `--db-flavor mongodb-replica-set`
  - `--db-flavor mongodb-sharded-cluster`

## Limitations

RDI can write data to a Redis Active-Active database. However, it doesn't support writing data to two or more Active-Active replicas. Writing data from RDI to several Active-Active replicas could easily harm data integrity as RDI is not synchronous with the source database commits.
