---
Title: Redis Data Integration release notes 1.6.1 (March 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: Installation on Kubernetes with a Helm chart. Improvements for installation on VMs.
linkTitle: 1.6.1 (March 2025)
toc: 'true'
weight: 991
---

> This release replaces the 1.6.0 release.

RDI’s mission is to help Redis customers sync Redis Enterprise with live data from their slow disk-based databases to:

- Meet the required speed and scale of read queries and provide an excellent and predictable user experience.
- Save resources and time when building pipelines and coding data transformations.
- Reduce the total cost of ownership by saving money on expensive database read replicas.

RDI keeps the Redis cache up to date with changes in the primary database, using a [_Change Data Capture (CDC)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) mechanism.
It also lets you _transform_ the data from relational tables into convenient and fast data structures that match your app's requirements. You specify the transformations using a configuration system, so no coding is required.

## Headlines

- Fixed missing metrics and incorrect status for SQL Server.
- Improved Redis Insight autocomplete using schema description property.
- Restricted Redis connections to targets and non-Redis connections to sources.
- Enhanced scaffolded `config.yaml` with examples for each database type.
- VM Installer: Captured output of all sub-processes.
- Improved error message for critical errors when sending commands to Redis cluster fails.
- Fixed issue where pipeline status did not return to streaming after stopping and starting.
- Added RDI API logging, validation examples, and bug fixes.
- Disabled strict parsing of collector application properties to allow overriding.
- Fixed HTTP 500 error in `GET /pipelines/sources/{source}/columns` when passing tables parameter.
- VM setup: Fixed incorrect output status and incomplete upgrades in `upgrade.sh` script.
- Ensured `collector-api` service force upgrades when `Operator` restarts.
- Corrected typos in CLI option help messages.
- Generated and published [API reference page]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/reference/api-reference" >}}).
- Resolved error in `collector-api` when Source secret contains special characters.
- Fixed RDI 1.6.0 installation failure for HA due to `rdi-operator` deployment timeout.
- Added support for downloading Debezium image from a private registry.
- VM Installer now supports Ubuntu 22.04 and Ubuntu 24.04.
- Resolved performance degradation in 1.6.0 that caused the initial sync to be 3-5 times slower.

## Limitations

RDI can write data to a Redis Active-Active database. However, it doesn't support writing data to two or more Active-Active replicas. Writing data from RDI to several Active-Active replicas could easily harm data integrity as RDI is not synchronous with the source database commits.
