---
Title: Redis Data Integration release notes 1.6.0 (February 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: Installation on Kubernetes with a Helm chart. Improvements for installation on VMs.
linkTitle: 1.6.0 (February 2025)
toc: 'true'
weight: 992
---

> This maintenance release replaces the 1.4.4 release.

RDI’s mission is to help Redis customers sync Redis Enterprise with live data from their slow disk-based databases to:

- Meet the required speed and scale of read queries and provide an excellent and predictable user experience.
- Save resources and time when building pipelines and coding data transformations.
- Reduce the total cost of ownership by saving money on expensive database read replicas.

RDI keeps the Redis cache up to date with changes in the primary database, using a [_Change Data Capture (CDC)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) mechanism.
It also lets you _transform_ the data from relational tables into convenient and fast data structures that match your app's requirements. You specify the transformations using a configuration system, so no coding is required.

## Headlines

- RDI now requires the RDI database to have the following properties set, otherwise
  RDI will not start:
  - `maxmemory_policy`: `noeviction`,
  - `aof_enabled`: `1`

- Allow RDI to run in any K8s namespace

- Fix metadata API to support Oracle and SQL Server

- Added [denormalisation lookup block]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/reference/data-transformation/lookup" >}})

- Many bug fixes

## Limitations

RDI can write data to a Redis Active-Active database. However, it doesn't support writing data to two or more Active-Active replicas. Writing data from RDI to several Active-Active replicas could easily harm data integrity as RDI is not synchronous with the source database commits.
