---
Title: Redis Data Integration release notes 1.15.1 (November 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: |
	  Fixes support package generation and masking to simplify troubleshooting and log collection.
	  Improves processor throughput during initial sync via parallel processing and new stream tuning parameters.
	  Adds an advanced configuration option to pass custom Java options to the Debezium collector.
linkTitle: 1.15.1 (November 2025)
toc: 'true'
weight: 975
---

{{< note >}}This maintenance release replaces the 1.15.0 release.{{< /note >}}

RDI’s mission is to help Redis customers sync Redis Enterprise with live data from their slow disk-based databases to:

- Meet the required speed and scale of read queries and provide an excellent and predictable user experience.
- Save resources and time when building pipelines and coding data transformations.
- Reduce the total cost of ownership by saving money on expensive database read replicas.

RDI keeps the Redis cache up to date with changes in the primary database, using a [_Change Data Capture (CDC)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) mechanism.
It also lets you _transform_ the data from relational tables into convenient and fast data structures that match your app's requirements. You specify the transformations using a configuration system, so no coding is required.

## What's New in 1.15.1

- Fix dump support package problems
  - Fix improper namespace passing to the kubectl command
  - Mask passwords from sensitive configs
  - Dump masked pipeline information
  - Mask and dump audit logs collected from RDI DB rdi:tasks streams
- Processor performance improvements - Increase throughput during initial snapshot by ~50% during initial sync
  - Added parameter - `read_batch_timeout_ms` to the processor configuration to control the timeout for reading from the RDI streams. The default is 100ms.
  - `read_batch_size` is now functional. In previous versions, the processor would always read a batch size of 2000 from the stream, regardless of the `read_batch_size` value.
- Added parameter `sources.advanced.java_options` to the `config.yaml` file to pass additional options to the Debezium collector command line e.g. increasing heap size.

## Limitations

RDI can write data to a Redis Active-Active database. However, it doesn't support writing data to two or more Active-Active replicas. Writing data from RDI to several Active-Active replicas could easily harm data integrity as RDI is not synchronous with the source database commits.
