---
Title: Redis Data Integration release notes 1.6.6 (April 2025)
alwaysopen: false
categories:
- docs
- operate
- rs
description: Installation on Kubernetes with a Helm chart. Improvements for installation on VMs.
linkTitle: 1.6.6 (April 2025)
toc: 'true'
weight: 986
---

> This maintenance release replaces the 1.6.5 release.

RDI’s mission is to help Redis customers sync Redis Enterprise with live data from their slow disk-based databases to:

- Meet the required speed and scale of read queries and provide an excellent and predictable user experience.
- Save resources and time when building pipelines and coding data transformations.
- Reduce the total cost of ownership by saving money on expensive database read replicas.

RDI keeps the Redis cache up to date with changes in the primary database, using a [_Change Data Capture (CDC)_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Change_data_capture) mechanism.
It also lets you _transform_ the data from relational tables into convenient and fast data structures that match your app's requirements. You specify the transformations using a configuration system, so no coding is required.

## Headlines

- Fixed a Redis Insight issue when accessing the RDI API `/strategies` endpoint.
- Added a new script to the RDI Helm chart for managing the source and target database secrets. See
  [Deploy a pipeline]({{< relref "/integrate/redis-data-integration/data-pipelines/deploy" >}})
  for more information.
- Fixed an issue when connecting from Redis Insight to the RDI API `/login` endpoint with a non-default user.
- Updated the RDI API `/schemas` endpoint to return a list of databases for MySQL and MariaDB, instead of an empty list of schemas.

## Limitations

RDI can write data to a Redis Active-Active database. However, it doesn't support writing data to two or more Active-Active replicas. Writing data from RDI to several Active-Active replicas could easily harm data integrity as RDI is not synchronous with the source database commits.
